It’s so-called to prevent your wealth from entering,
Tell the truth,
But saying there is no reward,
If the emperor dies again, what party will respond to you?
You don’t have to explore here, lead the prince to bully us and learn,
Since you saw it, can you tell me what you saw?
You want to say learn,
Say learn, say learn, prepare me, enough,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
But never went too far
Here comes the public
I just talk in the water
Don't look at loneliness
What a disappointment
Huang Pu, who even felt me, went to retreat to the Wentang Hall
Isn't it?
Regardless of whether you are young or old, you will be anonymous.
It is said that the withdrawal of Wentang is for the public good.
If it were not for the protection of my children and ministers, I would not be alive
Can be self-righteous
I didn’t want to be the white patient’s dead father.
Withdrawal of bail without loyalty
Just the evidence to prove your innocence